Update pickers. (#832)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/timepicker/commands.md

You can apply the `Accept` and `Cancel` commands for the popup mode by setting the `PopupSettings` property of the TimePicker. For the drop-down mode, use the `DropDownSettings` property.

> The following example shows how to set the `AcceptCommand` and `CancelCommand` in the `PopupSettings`. The same is valid for the `DropDownSettings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example shows how to define the `PopupSettings` commands `AcceptCommand` and `CancelCommand`. The same is valid for `DropDownSettings`.
```
